
The Sunset
I was on a derelict ship. That I remember. Two of us. We found white cheese curds, we thought the Captain would like it for her poutine. I was with Alexandra, she's the life support tech in our crew. I don't know how we got here. This is different. This is ... I can see a scrolling red LED marquee. This is a ship called the Sunset. I'm chained -- ope, the marquee is not finished. This is a ship called the Sunset Sponsored by Guaranteed Rate.

I'm chained to a metal column in a cold room. My crewmate Alexandra is to my left, chained up as well. We're just two low-level nobodies enlisted on a green flying saucer. What would anyone want with us? Why does this ship need that sponsor? Are mortgage rates so bad they've simply taken to kidnapping applicants?

>x me
I am a twenty-four year old Ethiopian male, I am 5'9" tall and I weigh 145 pounds. I have black hair and brown eyes. I am wearing a white T-shirt, blue jeans and grey moon boots for shoes. My hair is buzzed pretty tightly against my head and I have a little bit of beard stubble.

An older white man on the opposite side of the door presses a keycard up against the door frame. Nothing happens. He tries again. Still nothing. We can't hear him, but he seems to be shouting into the sky.

After another 15 seconds where he very specifically avoids looking at us he enters the room. He has a pencil-thin moustache. He's decked out in a grey uniform, grey cap, grey pants and black boots. He is wearing a pince-nez and is clean-shaven. I've seen some ridiculous costumes in the solar system. This guy is trying really hard to make people think he's almost a Nazi. 94 percent dressed like a Nazi.

He approaches and speaks to me.

"I am Commander Carl," he says without eye contact. "I am in charge of this vessel." He ignores Alexandra, which I feel may be a weird gender-anger thing. He makes eye contact with me for the first time. "Your name," he says, evenly.

>talk to carl
"Ja'Rod Butler," I tell him, figuring there is no harm in providing that information. I was told by my Captain once that if I were ever kidnapped it's okay to tell the kidnappers my name, my registration number and the name of my ship. I don't remember my registration number so I hope I don't get asked it.

"You are an X-ray technician on the HMCS Plagoo," says the Commander. Definitely a statement, not a question. "What the name of your Captain?"

>talk to alexandra
I don't know if now is a good time to talk to her!

>talk to carl
"That's none of your business!" I say to him. "I'll die before telling--"

Alexandra, my crew-mate (chained up next to me) cuts me off.

"Don't kill him, he's an idiot. Our Captain's name is Jessica Stafford. I am sure she'd like us back. She's broke, though, which is why we were doing a scavenger run of that derelict craft that you took us away from."

Commander Carl produces a knife. Not gonna lie, I'm not a big knife guy. I know scimitars and butter ones by name and this is neither. I don't know how to spell the word stilleto, but it might be one of those?

"And you," the Commander says. "Alexandra Mays. We know all about you. You applied here." I can see a dozen different sharp replies spin through Alexandra's mind.

"Did I mess up the 'Objective' section of my resume?" she asks, settling on that one.

"I will be back after having tested this information," says the Commander. "Don't move," he adds with a sneer.

The Commander turns on his heel to leave. He gets an audio message through the ship's intercom system.

"Commander..." says a male voice, cracking. "Commander, this is Number Two. Seem to have lost my keycard, sir..." Commander Carl just shakes his head and mutters something about chaining up that guy next.

He uses his own keycard against the door and leaves the room.

>look

The Sunset brought to us by Guaranteed Rate.
Alexandra checks again to make sure that there's nobody near the door. "Ja'Rod, I have a bobby pin in my hair that I can reach. I am going to take it out and throw it to you so you can catch it and pick your padlock, okay?"

I have no idea what a 'bobby pin' is. I'm also not the strongest lockpicker in the solar system, having never previously thought about the concept for even a split second of my life. I just nod, though, because dark circles are starting to appear under Alexandra's eyes and I don't know if she's got the strength to try herself.

"Okay, Ja'Rod? Are you ready?" She takes one out of her hair and throws it in a graceful arc towards me.

>catch the pin
That doesn't make any sense.

>take the pin
I haven't seen anything like that.

>take the bobby pin
I haven't seen anything like that.

>catch
The bobby pin is in a pretty predictable arc. I really don't have to move my hands much, which is good because of the chains. I snatch the pin out of the air.

"Got it!" I say, triumphantly. The interrogator seemed like a bit of a clown and I think we're gonna get out of this. Looking at Alexandra, though - I think the act of tossing the pin took a bunch out of her. I see now that she's definitely got some scratches and shallow cuts on her.

>unlock myself
I can't do that with .

>unlock chain
You don't need to use the word "chain".

>unlock lock
(with the bobby pin)
Unlocked.

>look

The Sunset brought to us by Guaranteed Rate.

>unlock alexandra
I can't do that with Alexandra.

>unlock alexandra's chain
You don't need to use the word "chain".

>unlock alexandra's lock
That doesn't make any sense.

>look

The Sunset brought to us by Guaranteed Rate.

>i
I are carrying the bobby pin.

>get the glasses
You don't need to use the word "glasses".

>get the specs
I take my X-ray specs. I'm glad to have them back! I guess they just thought they were junk when we got captured. I just need to wear them and then a sense of the normal around here will return somewhat.

>wear the specs
I put them on. I feel complete, again.

[Strike any key to continue.]

>history
You don't need to use the word "history".

>